feat: adds `APOLLO_ROUTER_DEV_MODE` to enable subgraph error inclusion (#1475)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/overview.mdx

    var2: 1
```

### Development mode

> You can pass the `--dev` flag when starting up the Apollo Router to enable plugins that make developing easier. For now, this flag enables [subgraph error inclusion](/subgraph-error-inclusion), but in the future it may enable other plugins or modify other behavior. You should never run a production router with this flag enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the `--dev` flag to the `router` executable to enable plugins that assist with development. Currently, this flag enables [subgraph error inclusion](/subgraph-error-inclusion), and it might enable other plugins or modify other behavior in the future.

**Do not pass this flag when running the Apollo Router in production.**
```
